the headline Israel at war is dominating
Israeli media be it TV radio print or
online as a situation on the ground
changes media Outlets have approached
the war from different angles Channel 13
is widely watched in Israel its website
features personal stories about some of
the 270 people killed and others
detained by Hamas Fighters at a music
festival in southern Israel on Saturday
and the times of isra is calling it a
massacre it's shown the first foreign
journalists being taken to the site
although they still can't enter Gaza
after Israel closed the border the
outset Likens Hamas to Savages and says
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu is
promising a victory and a war for
Israel's very existence and the popular
Walla website carries reaction from
Premier League football star Dove haiza
he calls on the Israeli military to wipe
out Hamas with one hit it Israel haum
quotes media personality ofir asay who
urges the prime minister to wipe Gaza
off the map and then resign the paper
has blamed a leadership vacuum for what
it says as a failure of unimaginable
proportions and an opinion piece by
Rabbi Mickey noi on channel 7 a farri
right Zionist news station argues the
scale for Success is Not how many of the
targets we hit but if in the end they
scream help
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer